This is what happens when you offend me.
I tell you to get out of here
Otherwise you
You fake
It's time to splash me, this is a tit for tat
This bitch
I've let you escape time and time again before
I will strangle you with my own hands now.
You still want to hit me?
Brother Song Nan is courting death in the next life
Brother Memorial, are you alright?
Brother Song Nan, this is not over
Stop me
What are you guys doing?
Mr. Wang is coming soon
Can you have some eyesight?
See dad is Brother Song Nan
He knows that today is us and the Feng family
Big day to sign the contract
He also deliberately ran over to smash the field
He also started beating me and drinking for several years
I don't want to hear your excuses.
Last time on your mother's birthday
You have disassociated yourself from my family
What are you doing here now?
Forget it, will Tang Rong stay and eat it all the time?
Or leave quickly and ask Wu Yanchen what's going on
Catch him for me
I want to leave when I die
There's no such good thing
Good job
Let go of me break his hand
I want to make him unable to afford the design for the rest of his life
I got it.
Boss, hurry up
Don't be lazy
Got it, let me go
let go
Stop
Ah!
This woman dares to move